the word became to Jeremiah from the
the word became to Jeremiah from the Lord after never the radon the captain
Lord after never the radon the captain
Lord after never the radon the captain of the guard had let him go from ring
of the guard had let him go from ring
of the guard had let him go from ring when he had taken him bound in chains
when he had taken him bound in chains
when he had taken him bound in chains among all who were carried away captured
among all who were carried away captured
among all who were carried away captured from Jerusalem and Judah who were
from Jerusalem and Judah who were
from Jerusalem and Judah who were carried away captive to Babylon and the
carried away captive to Babylon and the
carried away captive to Babylon and the captain of the guard took Jeremiah and
captain of the guard took Jeremiah and
captain of the guard took Jeremiah and said to him the Lord your God has
said to him the Lord your God has
said to him the Lord your God has pronounced this doom on this place now
pronounced this doom on this place now
pronounced this doom on this place now the Lord has brought it and has done
the Lord has brought it and has done
the Lord has brought it and has done just as he said because you people have
just as he said because you people have
just as he said because you people have sinned against the Lord and not obeyed
sinned against the Lord and not obeyed
sinned against the Lord and not obeyed his voice therefore this thing has come
his voice therefore this thing has come
his voice therefore this thing has come upon you
upon you
upon you and now look I free you this day from
and now look I free you this day from
and now look I free you this day from the chains that were on your hand if it
the chains that were on your hand if it
the chains that were on your hand if it seems good to you to come with me to
seems good to you to come with me to
seems good to you to come with me to Babylon come and I will look after you
Babylon come and I will look after you
Babylon come and I will look after you but if it seems wrong for you to come
but if it seems wrong for you to come
but if it seems wrong for you to come with me to Babylon remain here see all
with me to Babylon remain here see all
with me to Babylon remain here see all the land is before you wherever it seems
the land is before you wherever it seems
the land is before you wherever it seems good and convenient for you to go go
good and convenient for you to go go
good and convenient for you to go go there now while Jeremiah had not yet
there now while Jeremiah had not yet
there now while Jeremiah had not yet gone back never the Raiden said go back
gone back never the Raiden said go back
gone back never the Raiden said go back to get a liar the son of a High Camp the
to get a liar the son of a High Camp the
to get a liar the son of a High Camp the son of shaphan whom the king of Babylon
son of shaphan whom the king of Babylon
son of shaphan whom the king of Babylon has made governor over the cities of
has made governor over the cities of
has made governor over the cities of Judah and dwell with him among the
Judah and dwell with him among the
Judah and dwell with him among the people or go wherever it seems
people or go wherever it seems
people or go wherever it seems convenient for you to go so the captain
convenient for you to go so the captain
convenient for you to go so the captain of the guard gave him rationalists
of the guard gave him rationalists
of the guard gave him rationalists and a gift a mutant girl then Jeremiah
and a gift a mutant girl then Jeremiah
and a gift a mutant girl then Jeremiah went to get alive the son of a hike to
went to get alive the son of a hike to
went to get alive the son of a hike to Misbah and dwelt with him among the
Misbah and dwelt with him among the
Misbah and dwelt with him among the people who were left in the land and
people who were left in the land and
people who were left in the land and when all the captains of the armies who
when all the captains of the armies who
when all the captains of the armies who were in the fields they and their men
were in the fields they and their men
were in the fields they and their men heard that the king of Babylon had made
heard that the king of Babylon had made
heard that the king of Babylon had made get a liar the son of a High Camp
get a liar the son of a High Camp
get a liar the son of a High Camp governor in the land and had committed
governor in the land and had committed
governor in the land and had committed to him men women children and the
to him men women children and the
to him men women children and the poorest of the land who had not been
poorest of the land who had not been
poorest of the land who had not been carried away captive to Babylon then
carried away captive to Babylon then
carried away captive to Babylon then they came to get alive at Lisbon Ishmael
they came to get alive at Lisbon Ishmael
they came to get alive at Lisbon Ishmael the son of nephal Maya Johannine and
the son of nephal Maya Johannine and
the son of nephal Maya Johannine and Jonathan the sons of Korea Surya the son
Jonathan the sons of Korea Surya the son
Jonathan the sons of Korea Surya the son of can yuma 'the the sons of ePHI the
of can yuma 'the the sons of ePHI the
of can yuma 'the the sons of ePHI the new tougher fight and jazz Anaya the son
new tougher fight and jazz Anaya the son
new tougher fight and jazz Anaya the son of a mayor fight they and their men and
of a mayor fight they and their men and
of a mayor fight they and their men and get alive the son of a hiker the son of
get alive the son of a hiker the son of
get alive the son of a hiker the son of shaphan took an oath
shaphan took an oath
shaphan took an oath man do not be afraid to serve the
man do not be afraid to serve the
man do not be afraid to serve the Chaldeans dwell in the land and serve
Chaldeans dwell in the land and serve
Chaldeans dwell in the land and serve the king of Babylon and it shall be well
the king of Babylon and it shall be well
the king of Babylon and it shall be well with you as for me I will indeed well at
with you as for me I will indeed well at
with you as for me I will indeed well at Mizpah and serve the Chaldeans who come
Mizpah and serve the Chaldeans who come
Mizpah and serve the Chaldeans who come to us but you gather wine and summer
to us but you gather wine and summer
to us but you gather wine and summer fruit and oil put them in your vessels
fruit and oil put them in your vessels
fruit and oil put them in your vessels and dwell in your cities that you have
and dwell in your cities that you have
and dwell in your cities that you have taken my father's and all the Jews who
taken my father's and all the Jews who
taken my father's and all the Jews who were in Moab among the ammonites in Edom
were in Moab among the ammonites in Edom
were in Moab among the ammonites in Edom and who were in all the countries heard
and who were in all the countries heard
and who were in all the countries heard that the king of Babylon had left a
that the king of Babylon had left a
that the king of Babylon had left a remnant of Judah and that he had set
remnant of Judah and that he had set
remnant of Judah and that he had set over them get a lyre the son of a High
over them get a lyre the son of a High
over them get a lyre the son of a High come the son of shaphan then all the
come the son of shaphan then all the
come the son of shaphan then all the Jews returned out of all places where
Jews returned out of all places where
Jews returned out of all places where they had been driven and came to the
they had been driven and came to the
they had been driven and came to the land of Judah to get a liar at Misbah
land of Judah to get a liar at Misbah
land of Judah to get a liar at Misbah and gathered wine and some of fruit in
and gathered wine and some of fruit in
and gathered wine and some of fruit in abundance
abundance
abundance moreover johannem the son of career and
moreover johannem the son of career and
moreover johannem the son of career and all the captains of the forces that were
all the captains of the forces that were
all the captains of the forces that were in the fields came together lie at
in the fields came together lie at
in the fields came together lie at misper and said to him do you certainly
misper and said to him do you certainly
misper and said to him do you certainly know that bayless the king of the
know that bayless the king of the
know that bayless the king of the ammonites has sent Ishmael the son of
ammonites has sent Ishmael the son of
ammonites has sent Ishmael the son of Nathaniel urder you but get a liar the
Nathaniel urder you but get a liar the
Nathaniel urder you but get a liar the son of a hika me did not believe them
son of a hika me did not believe them
son of a hika me did not believe them then Joe Haman the son of career spoke
then Joe Haman the son of career spoke
then Joe Haman the son of career spoke secretly to get a liar
secretly to get a liar
secretly to get a liar invisible let me go please and I will
invisible let me go please and I will
invisible let me go please and I will kill Ishmael the son of Nathaniel and no
kill Ishmael the son of Nathaniel and no
kill Ishmael the son of Nathaniel and no one will know it
one will know it
one will know it why should he murder you so that all the
why should he murder you so that all the
why should he murder you so that all the Jews who are gathered to you would be
Jews who are gathered to you would be
Jews who are gathered to you would be scattered and the remnant in Judah
scattered and the remnant in Judah
scattered and the remnant in Judah perish but get a liar the son of a high
perish but get a liar the son of a high
perish but get a liar the son of a high come said to Joe Haman the son of Korea
come said to Joe Haman the son of Korea
come said to Joe Haman the son of Korea you shall not do this thing for you
you shall not do this thing for you
you shall not do this thing for you speak falsely concerning Ishmael
speak falsely concerning Ishmael
speak falsely concerning Ishmael you